Update rs-6-2-18.md (#2181)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/release-notes/rs-6-2-18.md

    To learn more, see [Distributed sychronization]({{<relref "/rs/databases/active-active/synchronization-mode">}})   

## Enhancements added in build 49

> - Added Support to getting the primary (master) node indication from the API (RS82566)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `nodes/status` REST API endpoint indicates whether a node is the primary.  (RS82566)
```
